---
layout: post
title: WOG830 - From P. Casal Manila going to Shaw 500, Mandaluyong City
---

### Name of taxi: Padlan Trans

Dear LTFRB,

Just want to report an erring Taxi Driver I flagged down for work last Saturday, July 09, 2016 around 9PM in P. Casal Manila going to Shaw.

Earlier on the trip, I noticed that he was very irritated. He honked furiously on motorcycles even if they're a few meters from us. While traversing Nagtahan, he asked out of the blue what I do for work. I told him politely that I'm a Customer Service agent. His mood immediately changed and blurted he don't want Call Center agents to ride his cab because they've always ask for the P30.00 rollback (which was implemented last March). I replied that it was legally passed by the LTFRB. He stopped our cab at the bridge near Pureza, Sta Mesa. The place is really dark so fearing for my safety, I told him to continue driving as he should. He grudgingly agreed but continuedly murmured the whole trip. When I was about to board off, (meter showed P117) i handed him P120 without asking for the rollback & the change. Yet he gave me a parting word that we call center agents are all uneducated. I lost my temper, slammed the door and told him that he's the one who needs to watch his manners. He rolled his window and shouted profanity laced tirades in plain view of my officemates. These kind of drivers are definitely taking their jobs for granted and must be taken off the road.

I have the following details:

Plate No WOG 830
Operator Padlan Trans
CP No (0920) 9759330

I didn't get the name of the driver because there's no ID visible inside his taxi.

Hope you can do something to teach this rude driver a lesson so he would respect his passenger (especially call center agents) and change his ways. Looking forward to hear from you Sir/Mam soon.

Thank you.

Krizia Florante

```Reckless driving, Rude behavior```
