---
layout: post
title: ANA5670 - Cogon Market, Cagayan de Oro City
---

### Name of taxi: May May Taxi

I came from a battery charging shop in Cogon  market around 5pm to have my drained-car battery charged while my dead car is parked at the basement parking lot of Centrio Ayala Mall. However, within the market vicinity was my mom with all her ample grocery boxes and bags. My mom was heading home while me to Centrio so I can put my newly-charged-car battery in my dead car.

When I got in the taxi, I told him the direction: proceed to Gaisano market so we can fetch my mom with her groceries, then drop me to Centrio and proceed to our home in Barra, Opol - taxi meter rate.

The driver of that May-May taxi then demanded that he will ask for additional 100 pesos because of the several drop points. I then replied with an interrogative reaction, "one hundred pesos?!!".

Suddenly he asked me to transfer to another taxi because he doesnt want to track the road to Gaisano (which is just one corner away) due to heavy traffic (thats his alibi). He didnt ask for the fare anyways but he left me in a very uneasy circumstance. (remember, I have with me a car battery. Just imagine the weight of an 11-plate car battery).

So I dropped off the car and walk till the next corner carrying my extremely heavy car battery. (It defeats the purpose of taking a taxi. I could have taken a jeepney instead).

So I took another taxi and told the driver the same direction. And the driver went on smoothly until he brought my mom home (he got a tip by the way).

My complaint: The driver was so rude by disregarding my condition. He is a driver so he should know how heavy a car battery is. The driver attempted to take opportunity of me by demanding a 100 peso additional charge on a regular transportation. Although he didnt ask anything when he asked me to get another taxi, but that is not the point. Payment is not an issue so long as it is fair and reasonable. It could have been acceptable if he, at least, brought me to a place where I can get another taxi without having to carry that heavy battery car. But in an instant, he just demanded that I must transfer to another taxi.

At first I thought maybe I also had my mistakes. Maybe adding money on top of the taxi meter rate is an SOP if it is peak hours. But it was all proven wrong by the 2nd taxi who simply took the route without any demands or complains.

In fact, when he did that to me, I felt harassed. I was a customer who will pay accordingly yet he refused me of a ride just because I attempted to question him of the additional 100 pesos charge that he demanded. This is just unacceptable!

```Refused boarding, Choosing passengers```
