---
layout: post
title: UVG544 - Pick up point is at Dampa Seaside, along Macapagal Avenue, Pasay City; then drop-off is at Evangelista, Bangkal, Makati City 
---

### Name of taxi: GENO TRANSPORT

I told the driver that my drop-off point is at Evangelista Makati but we will drop my friend at LRT Buendia, which is just along our way to Evangelista. He asked to add PHP20 on top of the meter fare. He added, "Dapat nga plus PHP50 eh, pero nahihiya naman ako kaya okay na PHP20". Since I'm tired already, I just agreed and then we get in to taxi. When we started moving, he didn't turned the meter on, so I told him, "Kuya, yung metro nyo po". Then he said, "Oo ng pala, baka maging plus 20,000 ang idagdag nyo nyan" (he's referring if the meter will not be turned on). Then, when we arrived at Evangelista, our meter fare was at PHP89.00 so I have to pay him PHP110.00. I already have a PHP100 bill in my hand but since I have no coins in my pocket, I just handed him PHP200.00 (two PHP100 bill) and I said "Wala kasi akong sampu Kuya eh". Then he stared at me and said, "Gusto mo bigyan kita?" That time, I noticed that he is being weird already. Then I said, "Hindi, bigyan mo nalang ako ng PHP90 Kuya kasi PHP110 diba?". He responded, "Gawin mo ng PHP120.00". Since I wanted to avoid further discussion with him, I just agreed. But he handed me PHP70 (a fifty peso bill and a twenty peso bill) and he said "Wala na akong sampu eh". Then I got pissed off already since from PHP20, the additional fare became PHP40 already. And then I said, "Eh diba PHP20 lang dapat ang dagdag Kuya?" He replied "Eh wala kasi akong sampu eh" and he showed the money in his pocket and there is a PHP20 bill. He then said, "may sampu ka ba?". I just looked for coins in my bag and I found ten pesos. So I handed it to him and then I asked for a receipt. He then gave me a receipt and said "Para saan ba yan Sir, reimbursement?". He was very weird and creepy. I just asked for a receipt so I can have the name of his taxi Company and the plate number. I hope LTO can suspend those kind of drivers who are abusing their passengers verbally, by over charging and by not giving exact amount of change.

```Over charging, Rude behavior```
