---
layout: post
title: UVE909 - Picked up at Rizal Park on Roxas Boulevard, in front of the monument, northbound
---

### Name of taxi: Unknown (yellow exterior)

Picked up 1 adult and 2 children (foreigners) from Rizal Park on Roxas Blvd. Fare is to QC. Driver wanted P300 for the fare. Passenger refused the flat fee. Around 5-10 minutes into the trip, the driver informed the adult passenger that he was picking up a friend in Mindanao Ave on the way to QC. Passenger texted family member to check if this was normal. Family member rang passenger to tell them to ask to be dropped off immediately. By now, the taxi was in Tondo, which is in the other direction. Driver refused to drop the passengers off. Passengers were in the taxi for at least another 15 minutes. The driver told the adult passenger that he was doing them a favor because no one would have taken them to QC. A different family member rang and tried to reason with the driver. Driver had a lot of excuses: he had children overseas, his friend was trustworthy, he was doing the passengers a favor. He rang someone (his 'friend') and wanted the passenger to talk to him to prove that he was trustworthy. Passenger refused to do this. Finally, after numerous conversations with the passengers' family over the phone, the driver dropped off the passengers in a side street in Tondo in a slum area. Passengers had to walk to a safe place, in the dark and in the rain, and take a tricycle to a well-lit area where they could be picked up by a family member.

```Over charging, No meter```
