---
layout: post
title: 1391 - ilo-ilo airport
---

### Name of taxi: a taxi affiliated with grab

Hi LTFRB good morning. I have a complaint, i dont really do this kind  of stuff but i just feel like this is too much. Last monday morning i use the grab taxi app to book for a taxi on the way to ilo-ilo airport, i stayed at 88  plaza Hotel in Delgado St. I grab a taxi since im not familiar with the place and for me to know how much is the estimated fair. It's very clear that the estimated fair is just php 168-294. When i rode the taxi i didnt notice that the driver used his meter, akala ko nasa baba yung meter so i didnt mind, it was around 3:50  in the morning when i was inside the taxi and im still so sleepy. So when we arrived in the airport i asked how much is the fair, and why there is no meter, he told me that "400 lang maam yun yung standard namin dito". I was shocked and i told him that the airport is not that far and we dont have an agreement that i will pay such amount since it was supposed to be a metered fair. 400 is too much given that its not traffic.  The driver insisted and since i dont want to be late with my flight i didnt argue with him. I reported the incident to grab taxi but until now it is under escalation. The driver knows im not from ilo ilo and its just horrible to know that theybare taking advantage of people who is not from iloilo. Kaya nga nag grab taxi ako para malaman ko kung magkano yung fair at para safe piro basta ganon nalang. Wala talaga cyang sinabi  at wala talaga kaming agreement na hindi metered at magbabayad ako sa standard fair nila. Paano ko malalaman na ganun pala dapat ang babayaran, parang sinasadya lang ng driver na hindi ipaalam kasi para wala na akong choice. Grabi naman.  Ito nga pala ang info.. plate number ng taxi 1391, driver is Larry Gamon Grate. I do have screenshots po. May estimated fair po ang grab at estimate ko nga mga nasa 190-200 lang cguro ang babayaran ko kung hindi nag loko yung driver d naman kalayuan at wala pamg traffic. Malaking bagay na rin yun. I hope may magawa talaga para hindi na ito maulit sa iba.

```Over charging, No meter```
