---
layout: post
title: AQA7318 - From Cambridge Village Cainta route to BGC
---

### Name of taxi: Stealth Trans Inc. 

Around 8:45 pm last night October 18, 2016, I rode this cab w/ plate number AQA 7318 of Stealth Trans Inc.  inside our village , Cambridge Cainta. On board was driver Carlo Y. Canete . At first it was strange that he had to ask me if I would pay by the meter and I said yes. He asked me how much I usually pay I replied "mga 150 po".He insinuated even more not  to use the meter  since  it was traffic in C5.  I disregarded any of his remarks after  since I already advised I will pay by the meter. When we almost reached Legaspi bridge, I told him to turn left so we could avoid the traffic he was pertaining to earlier and pass by C. Raymundo which was also my regular route. He declined and said "mahuhuli ako dyan ma'am, bawal dyan - alam mo naman yang mga blue boys malulupit yan sila". I wondered and kept thinking as his plate read an even number which stipulated ok to pass during Tuesdays as per the sign. By the time we passed by Lifehomes to  make a right  turn, we were blocked by a pick up disembarking its load in the centre of the road which made me sigh. So the driver asked me "bakit mam, bakit anung problema? "I replied "bka kasi malate ako kuya" ,then I looked at my watch. He continued and replied sarcastically " eh dapat inagahan nyo ng alis". I replied back to my defense- "eh kasi  di naman kau odd bakit ayaw nyo mag turn left kanina di sana dirediretso tau, dito kasi matraffic". After this he continued to argue about not knowing the roads. All the more I argued that he should have listened as I am more familiar with the way out. This did not stop him from arguing with me  so I thought that it was useless to kept on going and stayed quiet . After all my safety was more important as I was a bit scared he'd threw me off somewhere if things get escalated since he was a bit aggressive already. All throughout my ride it was frustrating that everytime I direct him where to pass he would have reasons not to. To add further, I felt he was doing it on purpose to slow me down and increase the meter for instance taking the right most lanes where jeepneys would usually drop off passengers, slowing down on green light until  it turned red etc. I was only at Tiendensitas but my meter was already at 130php. By the time I reached BGC the meter was already at 160php. I decided to get off at Maybank 7th  ave cor 26th St still 10 mins. away to my original destination which was at Netlima Bldg 26th St. I was worried what I have won't be enough when I reach there. (I usually would pay  150 tops)  My meter read 180php when I asked him to stop. I gave him 200php and he returned 9php as change. I asked him why aren't you giving me the exact change? "Minus 10 pa so dapat 30php ang sukli " I added. He answered " talo na po sa gasolina nagmahal na diesel, yan lang po barya ko, pabarya nyo po kung gusto nyo". The nerve this guy, I told him I still have to walk to my destination since his meter has gone all the way up its regular rate, despite the rudeness I chose to pay him fairly.He never showed any regard whatsoever and pulled another peso . I was in total disbelief and  walked out his cab.No paying customer should ever experience this unmerited ordeal

```Over charging, Tampered or broken meter```
