---
layout: post
title: AYU252 - HAPPY GLENN LOOP, BAGUIO CITY
---

### Name of taxi: PGRB TAXI

It was around 4:30 P.M. of August 9, 2016 in the city of Baguio and it is the time the volume of vehicles and  the influx of the people arriving at that area increases as classes are dismissed. Thus the area is congested and road users are caught in the traffic jam. That time I parked the vehicle I am driving along the side of the road wherein no parking signs are installed particularly in front of the University of Baguio Lab Elementary School and opposite side of the road where signs No Parking are installed  purposely for me to fetch my son and daughter who were learning at the said school. When we were boarding our vehicle, the said taxi which came from the direction of General Luna Road  and was heading towards the direction of Jungle town tried insinuating his vehicle causing the taxi's right side mirror hit the  right side mirror of my vehicle which was on stationary position causing my vehicle's right side mirror to flip inward and after which he slightly reversed back prompting me to accost him and told him to drive safely since he hit a part of my vehicle but instead of saying a nice word, the driver instead arrogantly and discourteously  responded and even blamed me and the other vehicle's on why were there and that we aren't supposed to be there. That was the time another concerned male adult person came and courteously talked to the driver and advised him that he was cruising the wrong way explaining to him that during the rush hours and for pass years it has been a practice that road users in order to help ease traffic congestion the road area is usually done a one way scheme due to the road and traffic  condition. However, the said taxi driver even maintained responding too rude  until the taxi driver realizes that in deed he was just passing the wrong way and is impeding the flow of traffic. That was the time he decided to reversed back and took the alternate road. Then again while he was steering his wheels preparing to reverse back, the front right tire came in contact with my vehicles step board so again i advised him that his tire is again causing damage to my vehicle. Though my vehicle incurred no visible damage but the actuation and behavior of the driver is not proper for a public servant. Since he his driving a public utility vehicle, it is used for public conveyance, it is therefore expected from him to drive with utmost diligence in driving, not to be reckless so as not to endanger the lives and property of another, implied good attitude and good behavior should be observed. I don't have any complain on my vehicle  but i just want to teach this driver to really speak nicely.

```Reckless driving, Rude behavior```
