---
layout: post
title: AAP6723 - Cubao-Crame
---

### Name of taxi: 

I'm usually friendly to drivers because I know they're tired, but this one just creeped me out. Sorry, long post ahead, but I just need to let this out.
On my way home from running errands around Cubao, I decided to ride a cab home because my bag was heavy and tbh I'm just really exhausted. Besides, the rain was starting to pour, so I went to the nearest cab that was parked in front of the exit door.
When I went into the cab, I felt something was off when I told him where my destination was. I tried to shake it off. I heard him ask if I lived there. I didn't answer at first. Then he kept asking me personal questions that felt invasive (what my job was, where i worked...) when we entered the gate, he asked if I was still single, if I lived alone, who I lived with, and his last question was WHICH FLOOR MY UNIT WAS ON. Please know that we weren't having any conversation of any sort; it was just him firing off questions without prompting. I normally have conversations like this with other drivers, but that's not until we've at least talked about other things first, and until we've established a kind of rapport. This driver and I had none. taking that last question as a warning bell, I misled him and went to another building, and didn't leave until I was sure he was really gone. Good thing he had bad hearing, and thinks I teach in a school in Xavierville. I'm still a bit shaken, and I'm worried that he might find me.
As far as I can remember, he has chinky eyes, looks around mid 40s - early 50s, has black hair & a fair complexion. Didn't ask his name for fear of him asking for mine. I think he drives a Toyota Vios.

```Malicious mischief```
