---
layout: post
title: UNKNOWN - outside naia 3
---

### Name of taxi: unknown

I got out of naia 3 after midnight, decided not to take airport taxi as they were charging me php600 for a 10min trip to legaspi village makati LOL. 

walked outside hailed a random cab who claimed it was metered... got in, 8 seconds later a friend of the driver gets in, shocked, i was questioning the driver why this guy getting a ride??.. it distracted me from looking at the meter, then i found out it was not showing amount but distance instead and we were already at the skyway to armorsolo. scared i'd get robbed, wanted to jump out during toll gate payment, but both doors were on childlock.. so driver got to pay quickly and started speeding to armorsolo exit and asked "why open door". i said i wanted to "spit" LOL.


got to palanca street in legaspi village, asked driver and his friend to open door so i can get money from my luggage.. as soon as he opened i ran into my building and the drivers friend got out and tried to chase me across the street where my building was.. but i shouted and alerted the security guard that these guys were robbers, the guard didn't know what to do, but his barong and slacks scared off the two scammers and they quickly got in the car and fled. 

free cab ride but traumatizing. naia 3 and resorts world is so close to each other, how on earth can cab drivers like this be near the vicinity? my friend also fell for this scam, but he actually paid them because driver threatened to bring him to the cab "office". 

please be careful to all nationals. always check for child lock and bring pepper spray. 

```Over charging, Tampered or broken meter```
