---
layout: post
title: TYX500 - From Naia t3 to edsa taft
---

### Name of taxi: Cant remember. Green font.

We got super delayed in our davao manila flight due to the runway repairs in NAIA. So from Clark, we arrived at T3 at around 3:30am.. my brother and I were super tired. We were stuck in Clark for more than 12hrs and inside the plane for almost 10hours that I was really pissed off. Then we got into the nearest available taxi in the departures area of NAIA T3. I dont know if the rules have changed there but the last time I rode a taxi there, there was a line and the NAIA personnel were running the taxi line. This time we were ushered by a driver saying that there is no line anymore and because we are already so tired we just got in since I knew that the taxis there always had meters. But when we already got down of the airport, we noticed that the driver didnt turn on his meter. We asked him why and he said that its always been like that there, that there is no meter. Like excuse me, i have been riding taxis there and it was the first time i was asked for a 350php nonmeter rate.. the route was only from T3 to MRT Taft! I was shocked. It was already 4am and obviously there was no traffic. That rate is already my fare to Quezon City!! So since I was very tired and pissed I asked him to lower it to 250.. he grudgingly agreed and was murmuring some stuff which i knew was directed at me but I just didnt bother to listen to. I just wanted to get to my destination. Then he dropped us at that corner in Aurora blvd (former Tramo) when i asked to be dropped off at the MRT station where our accomodation was near. So I got pissed and we just get off there and walked a long way towards our destination. Ugh. Lesson learned, ask about meters first. You'll never know taxi drivers even if the president is already Mayor Duterte!

```Over charging, No meter```
