---
layout: post
title: UWN205 - Greenbelt 3 to Paseo
---

### Name of taxi: White

We're supposedly going home and was waiting for a taxi in front of greebelt 3 when we rode on this rude taxi driver with plate number UWN 205. Upon riding the taxi we said to the driver where we are supposed to go and then he said can you do 150php? (While infact to go to our place it will not cost you more than a hundred) we told him if thats the case then just dont fall in line since he's choosing passengers and contracting. He then said offensive things and thats where it got a little bit out of hand. I asked the guard to shoo the taxi driver because of this and the driver even went out and was taunting to have a fight. After that he went away and we rode another taxi; on our way to our destination (in hsbc paseo stoplight) he then followed us and tried to open the door of our taxi. Good thing i was able to hold on to the taxi door and denied him from opening the door. Our driver then asked what happened and then we told him what happened (this was while we were being followed by the rude taxi driver) our current driver told us not to anymore engage the rude taxi driver and rolled down his window and talked to the rude taxi driver and said to layoff us. After this our driver received a call (i was suspecting that this was the rude driver and that they were acquainted  since our driver seemed to be uncomfortable and was looking at us in the rear view mirror) i then decided to ask our driver to pull over and drop us at starbucks along jupiter. Our driver also told us not to engage any of the taxi drivers since some of them might even be a member of the sputnik gang. I am also worried because we told both drivers our destination and migt go after us.

```Choosing passengers, Over charging```
