---
layout: post
title: UVF906 - V.Luna to Trinoma
---

### Name of taxi: Equinox

Jumped in along V. Luna Avenue in Quezon City. When I told him I was headed for GMA Kamuning MRT station, he asked if I could pay 100 pesos when I usually pay just 70 pesos to get there. I refused. Then he sounded annoyed and told me that I should not complain should he take another route to avoid traffic. I take the taxi everyday going to the mrt station. He sounded surprised when I knew and did not disagree with the route he proposed. There was very heavy traffic in East Avenue and EDSA then. It took us a while to get out of East Avenue and we were both in agreement to just go the northbound route. I was supposed to be dropped off at the southbound side. Again, he was rude because he was telling me that it would hassle him to go to the southbound side. I checked MRT's website and discovered that the southbound side is full to the brim so I asked him if he could take me to trinoma instead so I could go on the train at North Avenue. He said yes, but he picked up another passenger at the GMA Mrt Station Northbound. It was a woman. He asked her if she knew how much she regularly pays for going to her destination. Again, I was affronted because this is the rudest, greediest taxi driver I have ever had the misfortune to meet. He was not supposed to do those things. I hope he gets arrested or fined a huge amount of money. He had a Duterte baller on his wrist. Well, he's exactly the kind of taxi driver that the President would go after. Its irony is too ridiculous, I laugh.

```Over charging, Contracting```
