---
layout: post
title: UWF354 - Makati
---

### Name of taxi: Cant remember

I rode this taxi from Makati Fire station since the internet is slow so I can't get an Uber. I told him that we will go to a government agency but I don't know the exact location. I was asking him nicely if we can turn left but he will angrily replied at me, "Hindi nga ho pwede kasi no left turn." I was looking at my phone and trying to find the location and how to go there. Waze was not loading also. Then when I finally figured out where it is and how to go there, I told him to turn left. He looked at me and said, "Sabe niyo Ayala lang kayo! Wag kang sasakay next time kung di mo alam kung saan ung pupuntahan mo." I got so mad on how he reacted. He was been acting disrespectful when I was just asking for his help. He even said, "Hindi ho kabisado ng mga taxi drivers ang building. Streets lang ho." He was already throwing tantrums like a kid. I realized that this argument could escalate so in order to prevent that I decided to just pay him and get off from his car taxi. We were along Paseo de Roxas when  I told him, "Kuya, hindi ko ho kailangan ganitong stress sa buhay. Eto na ho ung bayad. Bababa na lang ako." He was still yelling at me while I was walking away from his taxi. I could not hear it since I was too focused on finding an Uber ride. My ID even fell out of my bag while I was walking fast away from him. A lady ran towards me to give my ID back. It was horrifying to say the least. I promised to myself that I would never ride a taxi again. I've always been a loyal Uber customer. It's just hard to use it when the internet is slow.  I was able to get an Uber ride after that awful taxi ride. And the experience was a complete opposite of my previous ride. I really don't understand why the taxi drivers are so entitled and arrogant. We are the customers but they are acting like we owe a lot to them. I wanted to take a photo of the taxi and the driver but Im a petite girl and the driver could easily grab me if I did that. Plus, we were on the left lane so I hurriedly walk towards the pedestrian lane and also to avoid being caught by him. 

```Rude behavior```
