---
layout: post
title: UYC681 - Glorietta-Net Lima
---

### Name of taxi: Six Brothers

The taxi Driver have a really rude behavior. Once he spoke, he kept bubbling. And from that moment I knew that he is drunk. He asked me what route I preferred, if its Edsa or Buendia, i'm not really sure as to I don't usually take note of the routes I go to whenever I'm going to my workplace. He got mad and start shouting because I don't know the direction. He kept asking "Saan nga? Edsa o Buendia? I said "Kahit saan po, kung saan di traffic kasi di ko naman alam" then he said, "Sagutin mo nalang, Edsa o Buendia?" He kerp asking that, then I just said Edsa just to shut him up. When I'm near on my workplace, diyan kaba sa Net5? I got confused and said "huh?" he said, Diyan oh sa NetLima" then I said "oo," to this point I got curious as to why he was so mad, so i asked, "bakit po ba kayo galit na galit?" then he said, "Kasi ikaw, wag mo sabihin na hindi mo alam kung saan ang Edsa at Netlima, I said, "Kuya bago lang ho ako dito, di ko talaga alam," the driver told me "Wag mo sabihin yan, imposible na hindi mo alam, may 1 week naman siguro dito" He kept saying things that really irritate me that I just , "Kuya sige kuya wag na lang po kayo magsalita" the driver said "Wag ka din magsalita" I shut up even I'm paying the bill, I did not say a word, as I was about to go down the car, "I rereport kita", then I kept looking at the side of the car and even looked at the plate number just to be sure. What a rude driver! This kind of driver should be prohibited from driving!  

```Rude behavior, Not in uniform```
