---
layout: post
title: UWL624 - EDSA (Baclaran bound) between Ayala and Magallanes MRT station
---

### Name of taxi: 768 Taxi

This is basically a case of hit and run. This incident happened on 17-Jun.2016 around 11:30 pm along EDSA (Baclaran bound) between Ayala and Magallanes MRT station. While I was driving in my own lane in a straight line, I heard a crashing sound. And when i looked my side mirror, a blue Toyota Vios has hit my driver side door. When I came to a stop, the Vios is now positioned at the passenger side door. There was a straight line scratch and blue paint on my car. The Taxi has plate number of UWL 624 and operated by 768 Taxi. The driver is Anvero Balicao Ramos, License Number: A03-83-018579. According to the taxi driver, he was force to turn into my lane by a bus/truck forcing him out of his lane and thus hitting the side of my car in turn. We have agreed upon to file a joint police report on the morning since I had to bring my companion to her residence immediately due to her illness and avoid further delay. Out of good faith, I did not confiscate the driver's license and believe him to appear on the morning at the police station to file a report. And afterwards we parted ways. However, morning came and Mr. Ramos, never did answer any of my calls and never replied to any text. I filed the report anyway, but the police investigator insisted to have the side of Mr. Ramos, and thus the investigation is still on ongoing to this day. I have yet to hear from the police station. 

```Reckless driving, Out of line```
