---
layout: post
title: LXC141 - In Davao City. From Gaisano South Citimall to Brokenshire Hospital
---

### Name of taxi: Krizia

This incident happened around 4:22pm.
I noticed that the taxi driver didn't take the corner which drivers usually take because it's the closest route to my destination. But I didn't say anything about it. When he turned to the next corner, there were about 6 cars on queue waiting for the traffic light to turn green. He drove passed all these cars using the opposite lane and when he reached the front, the traffic light was still red, there was a traffic enforcer directing some cars in one corner who didnt see the taxi I was in, the driver immediately put his seatbelt on and said "We are going to take this street." I know that route would even take much longer so I asked "Why, Kuya?" Then he rudely and aggressively told me. " Haven't you seen?! There's a long queue of (6) cars we just passed by! It would take too long! Blah blah blah" I didn't listen anymore and scrambled for my cellphone to notify my sister about the situation I'm in and the taxi id. However, I didn't see any plate number, taxi identification, or driver's id inside the car. So, I just texted her what I knew at that moment: I'm riding a silver Krizzia taxi from GSouth to Brokenshire with a fat taxi driver with red shirt and dark sunglasses. All those times, the driver was driving roughly with me bouncing in my seat. I was very relieved when I arrived in the hospital safely. The meter said: 64.50. I gave 100. He gave P35. I didn't complain that he didn't minus P10 off(an LTO rule) because I just wanted to get off the car as quickly as possible. When I got out, I cannot write anymore so I walked a meter away and just took a picture of the back of the car to get the details.

```Over charging, Reckless driving```
