---
layout: post
title: FWZ485 - Bacolod City, Negros Occidental
---

### Name of taxi: G&C Taxi Services

At around 04:37 PM on 06/21/2016, my wife and I are about to ride a taxi from Gaisano City Mall Bacolod going to the Northbound Terminal to take a bus home. My wife just gave birth last 06/16/2016 and she is still suffering the pain of giving birth and of the stitches necessary for giving birth but we need to process some documents for our loan with Pag-Ibig which is situated inside the mall when we came across this taxi driver (almost bald, short skinny man) who is (in our first impression, not willing to take us) nearest to the exit of the mall. Since my wife had trouble walking due to the operation few days ago, we had no choice but to ride with him. We were already inside the taxi under G&C Taxi Services that was a Toyota Avanza model with a plate number FWZ 485 and after telling him where we were headed to (Northbound Terminal), he gave a sudden complain with a mean tone of voice saying "Traffic na da ya! Gae lang ko 200 ah ky syado na da ka traffic!" which means "The route is very busy with motor vehicles! Just give me 200 for the fare since the road is very busy!" My wife and I found this very unpleasant and disrespectful given the fact that she just gave birth and had trouble walking. We did not mind the 200 pesos for the fare but what concerned us most is the behavior that this man showed us. The arrogance and discourteous way of saying this made us very frustrated that we get off the taxi with a very upset and frustrated looks on our faces. He then said to his comrades , "Kwaa nyo ni hu ky traffic na to pakadto sa Northbound ya!" which means "Take this passengers since the route going to Northbound is very busy with vehicles!". We were then taken by another taxi. 

```Choosing passengers, Over charging```
