---
layout: post
title: UWE721 - Ortigas Avenue to Sandoval Avenue, Pasig
---

### Name of taxi: Chrenzkri

Before getting inside the taxi, we told him our drop off location and gave him the directions that we always take everyday. There was an unusual traffic that started in Eusebio Avenue and he started to get irritated. He kept looking at the map and checked Waze every now and then. We just ignored him because I was not feeling well and told him that we take this route same time everyday. His voice is raising and said, "Bakit hindi niyo ba alam na may ganyan dito?" with his raised voice he looked at the time that passed and we are still stuck in traffic. If only I was not 8 mos pregnant, I would get off his taxi. He then checked the map again and asked us where we are heading to. Then he said that it is still far. My partner then asked him if he wants us to get off coz he kept on complaining. He raised his voice at us saying hindi daw siya nagrereklamo. He said that since he is stuck already, so he will just drop us off to our location since it is hard for him to go back. He even said, "Akala ko Sandoval Bridge lng kayo eh ang layo pa pala ng sa inyo." Simula pa lang sabi ko Sandoval Avenue kami. Pinapakita niya talaga na badtrip na badtrip na siya. We take cabs and even grab cars everyday and this has been the worst ride home so far. Grab taxi driver din siya, so he was communicating dun sa passenger na pinili niya pick-up in. Texting while driving kahit na hindi pa kami naddrop. He was even texting with his co-driver talking about how many passengers they already had. One more thing that we noticed is that his ID was not hanged at all so his name cannot be seen well. I have a good eyesight and saw his first name 'GERARDO' on the ID. This type of driver will have his karma soon.

```Choosing passengers, Rude behavior```
