---
layout: post
title: TYZ514 - SM STA.MESA
---

### Name of taxi: NRDB

We boarded the taxi past 10pm from the taxi line at SM Sta. Mesa. Upon boarding, the driver asked where we are headed.  I told him our house is just behind that mall, still in Sta.Mesa (near Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital).  Usually, the fare ranges from 60 to 75 pesos.  But this rude driver immediately declared that the taxi is overloaded and that he will charge additional 50 pesos.  I asked him why is there a need for an additional 50 pesos charge considering that our house is just a stone's throw away from SM Sta.Mesa.  He kept on insisting that the taxi was overloaded.  There were only 4 of us who boarded his taxi ---my 6-year-old son, my 21-year-old brother, and my 68-year-old mother (a senior citizen) and me, a pregnant woman.  He was very ruad and he asked us to go down his taxi because he said we are poor and we do not have the right to ride a taxi.  My family unboarded his taxi.  I told him, "Kuya bakit ka ganyan.  Buntis ako and my mom is a senior citizen."  But the driver kept on talking as if galit sya sa mundo.  He humiliated us with those that are around.  He kept on shouting and saying that I was "mayabang" and was yelling at me with foul and rude words.  He even tried to go down and attack me.  My mom who was a senior citizen was in shock.  My son was traumatized with this incident.  My brother went on his way to report this to the guard on duty but he didn't find one since it's already past 10pm.  I kept my composure by taking a picture of this rude taxi driver.  I even told him, "Smile Kuya!" while taking the picture.  The taxi drivers behind him was honking their horns because they know I was being verbally attacked by this rude driver.  When a passenger was about to board his taxi, this rude driver was still saying bad words against me.  From the looks of it, this rude driver must have inhaled or taken some drugs or something for him to behave that way.  One of the taxi drivers behind him approached me and said, "Mam, addict po yun. Baka po kulang pa yung boundary kaya nangongontrata.  Buti hindi kayo natuloy saktan kasi po bugbog din sya samin.  Sya po ang isa sa kasiraan naming mga taxi drivers. Dito na po kayo sumakay nakakaawa po yung mother nyo po ba yun at anak nyo."  I replied, "Kuya don't worry at salamat po.  I will try to report him and will make sure na mawawala ang prangkisa at ang lisensya nya."    

```Refused boarding, Choosing passengers```
