---
layout: post
title: WIS674 - I got the taxi infront of shell residence and ask him to bring me in greenheights
---

### Name of taxi: Wasnt able to get

Okay so i got this taxi outside the condominium and ask me to bring me in greenheights sucat. He immediately ask to add because he knows theres many road construction on that area, so for consoderation i said okay no problem. Then he ask on which way we going i told him we can go on the newly express way and il, pay for the fee so we ca  avoid the traffic, he said he knows another road. Donggalo.. so i told him kuya whatever you think is the gastest go there.. then i can notice already that the way he drive is faster than the other car. We literally over take cars, on the area under the bridge think its called bulungan. The street is abit narrow theres a taxi infront of us who is driving really slow well because i assume his just being carefull but my driver wanted to over take it. But since its too narrow and its 2 way... he didnt do it... its literally like rollercoaster inside the car.. then when in our village already his like maam saan po kayo dito. Keeps ln asking if are there yet. And i wa slike kuya ill tell you when your gonna there drive straight lang po. Then when he notice that we pass small streets he started already talking shit.he said ayh nako looban pa pala kayo kung alam ko lang sa ganito kayo hnd ko kayo isasakay, haay nako talaga.he keeps on saying that.. then i told him to stop the car coz im plannig to walk instead of hearingshit things about him. When i ask him to stop he didt stop he drove as fast as he can. Then i told him to stopkuya kasi im going down na whats wrong po ba. Then he tell me, maam ang layo pala ng bahay nyo kung alam ko lang hnd ko kaso isasakay then i told kuya, manong kung gahyan kayo wag na kayo mag taxi willing na nga ako dagdagan ung bYad mag mamaktol pa kayo ayaw nyo pa ako pababain.. he give me his look and keeps on starring at me.. o went down first and keep the payment. I was afraid that if i gave the payment and go down he might accelarate fast. He have that evil look when i told him about how rude he is..

```Choosing passengers, Reckless driving```
