---
layout: post
title: ASA4877 - Department of education 
---

### Name of taxi: ...asa

Took a taxi from Maginhawa, qc to go to Dep Ed (meralco ave). According to waze, take routes at the back of cubao and exit santolan. Driver said he just dropped off a passenger in ortigas so we will take Greenhills. As per waze it'll only take us 47min. When he rerouted it became 55 min and then 1 hour 13min. I had to guide him coz whatever route he was taking it adds up on our time. Our ETA of 7:55 became more and more. I kept quiet the whole time but except for some tsk sounds. I told him out 45min became 1.5 hours. He blurted out saying you should have taken the wheel and he on the back seat. And maybe I have education that's why I am degrading him. I didn't even say anything to degrade him. I just told him we should have taken the first route. He just kept on saying I should have, I should have. And to make things worse if not yet, I had to tell him I only have 1k bill. And he got angrier. Told me I should have told him from the beginning. We were near dep Ed after more than 2 hours of ride and suddenly he u-turned so I had to tell him we are going far. I told him I only have 160 with me he yelled at me saying I will file estafa case against you. I gave him 1k bill but he couldn't give any change and my daughter and I who had a scheduled exam Was already stressed. And to add some more stress, the main gate of dep Ed was closed due to rallyists. We had to go around the other side under the heat of the sun. Grrrrrrr! I hope this taxi driver enjoys the extra fare! 

```Over charging, No receipt```
