---
layout: post
title: ACV3545 - Indangan davao to sm lanang Davao
---

### Name of taxi: Unknown

Before hopping in to the taxi I told him that I'm heading to sm lanang davao. He ask if we would take the road for damosa highway and i said yes and when we were almost in damosa he started mumbling about old airport, del Rio etc and then I told him again that my destination is sm lanang 2x in ibex co. and to add more details I told him to go to park inn hotel and then he said to used different route for a short cut and claimed that we would arrived faster than Damosa high way and then i  agreed  as long as the route is faster than the damosa high way and I won't be late then its fine. After couple minutes I observe that we were no longer on our way to sm lanang and instead of a shortcut we were absolutely far from my destination then I ask the taxi driver where were we because we were no longer heading to sm lanang and then he started saying that he misheard me! Seriosly!? Like he misheard me for fouth times and he misheard all the other details i provided him gosh there is only one ibex company and 1 park inn hotel in davao and to make it worst i have to pay 2x my regular pay for riding a taxing from home to work and then im late. Gosh it was my first time riding a bogos taxi driver here in davao i hope he gets fired. He did it on purpose to overcharge his passenger and I'm sure I am not the only victim of that driver. I cant even see any details of the driver on the taxi. What a terrible exoerience

```Over charging, No taxi details inside```
