---
layout: post
title: VQ4331 - Cagayan de Oro City
---

### Name of taxi: L.D.J. 

This is to report taxi driver with plate number VQ 4331 for overcharging and being rude in Cagayan de Oro City. See below for the incident narration report:

Residing inside a subdivision, asked the security guard to call for a taxi nearby. With only few meters from the main gate, the taxi driver let me ride with the meter already running and I was okay at first. Told him my direction and added a note that we will be fetching another passenger from a certain place (waiting shed to be exact) and when we arrived, I calmly asked him to just wait for while since my companion (other passenger) is on her way then he said to my face that he was NOT willing to wait for it's not allowed - the fact that I've been riding taxi for years and experienced instances wherein the driver can patiently wait as long as we're still obeying traffic rules . I consoled him that I'm willing to add additional amount to our total fare and he demanded the meter should be reset to Php40. I was quite shocked and even if my companion already arrived in less than a minute, he reset the meter without my consent and told me by mouth the previous meter is already Php82 without my confirmation first. Hence, we were in transit with a new flag down rate plus his claim of Php82. He proudly gave me a laminated note without the LTFRB logo but he didn't realized he was not wearing the seatbelt while driving the whole time. This driver should be warned and penalized by all means to prevent this from happening in the future.

Please do something about this. I look forward for your action on this matter.

```Over charging, Rude behavior```
