---
layout: post
title: AXA6902 - Pick-up at J. Center Mall Mandaue, unplanned drop-off near Prince Warehouse AC Cortes Ave Mandaue City
---

### Name of taxi: MDR

At around 7:55 PM, I boarded this Taxi cab with Body No. 5015, plate no. AXA 6902 at J. Center Mall in A.S. Fortuna Mandaue City. I am a regular rider of Cabs everyday to and from work thru Grabtaxi or by waiting at the J. Center Mall Taxi Lane. When I got in, I immediately told the driver that I'm bound for Lapulapu City, and I specifically mentioned the Subdivision where I live. By that time he already started the car and moved away from the Mall. And I did not hear him say anything. When he made it across the Mall. He then requested me to add a lil bit on top of the metered fare. Me, as a regular cab commuter, I am used to giving tips to the driver esp to really good ones. Then I said, "ako man kaha mag buot pila, Manong?" ("We'll as long as it's up to me, right Manong?") Then he said, "Php50 ra gud" ("Just add 50"). To my shock, I said, I'll just get out then. He then raised his voice and got angry saying in dialect that I'm so inconsiderate and that I need to think of the distance of the place coz it's already "out of town" and the traffic. With the car Still moving, In my anger for turning the tables on me, I told him that for almost 10years of constantly taking cab every day and night, this is the only time a cab is asking for to much for a common route. The whole time He kept on insisting that lapulapu is already out of the way and if I am considerate, I should pay the equivalent flag down of 40-50. I told him that If I do give additional for this trip, I can only give as high as 20 and even more given the satisfaction from the ride. He just fell silent after he told me to shut up. Even if I was still angry, I just thought maybe he will realize his mistake along the way. By the time we reached Coliseum Area (AC Cortes), instead of going straight towards the direction of the Old Bridge to Lapulapu, he turned left towards Ibabao and I told him, Manong, he should go straight. And he said No coz its traffic, he will go pass by New Bridge instead which is my last resort. I told him, being the passenger I have to decide where to pass. That's when I said I have to get out and insisted that he drop me off and it was before we can reach Super Metro Area. When he was not stopping and kept on raising his voice on me, I lost it and screamed at him to stop. Thou he did not stop, he just swerved to the right and said he wont stop until I pay him. I was already very scared when he kept on telling me that I am such an abusive passenger and was doing reverse psychology on me, putting blame on me while I was already shaking looking thru my purse for my cash. By that time, i tried to calmly tell him to turn around and drop me off somewhere near the road Straight to Old bridge. I cant  exactly recall his mumblings coz I was already scared. He demanded to get the fare first before he stopped and when He harshly took the money i asked him what his name is, he said its Robert Sumalinog and I am not sure if its true and he would not show his ID. I regretted not being able to record everything and took a pic of the cab coz i was shaking uncontrollably but I was just glad I was out of the cab. I was scared of
What worse could happen if i lost all my temper and i was still inside the cab. Please stop drivers like him to roam around our streets. Thank you. 

Still shaking,
Ella G.

```Over charging, Contracting```
