---
layout: post
title: GXS-896 - Panagdait Road, Cebu City, Central Visayas
---

### Name of taxi: I don't know

It's raining that time, a heavy rain exactly, so I decided to ride a taxi so I will not be late. I boarded to the taxi like between 4:20-4:30am in the "Mandaue Centro". I was shocked that he just went straight going instead of turning left across Cortes Hospital because that's the fastest way to go to IT Park, which is my destination. But when he said "asa man ta agi ani na baha man sa A.S fortuna", I just realized that "yes, baha jud didto sa may caltex sa tipolo" so no problem with  me if we will just pass Maguikay because I'm confident enough that I will arrived on time. And then we pass 
V.Albano Street going to Country Mall but when he saw the heavy flood in the A.S Fortuna he stopped and said "adto nalang jud ta agi sa highway mam kay di jud maagian mao diay mingaw walay nangagi". I was little bothered that time because of the fare plus negative thoughts that comes in my mind since I didn't saw an I.D infront of the cab. So ok we passed the highway but then he stopped again right at the corner of Central Nautical Hwy and Mount Manunggal St. because there's a flood again. So he then decided to turn right at the Mount Manunggal St. to escape the flood. I was so martyr that time to take all the chances just for him to take me to my destination. And again, there's a flood like 200meters after, I'm not really sure is that's in Mt. Apo St. So we moved back again to Central Nautical Hwy. I was so upset that time but then I just kept it and decided to burst my feelings when I'm arrived. Then there's no way out so he decided to cross along the flood in the highway and the flood entered in the taxi but not that much. And then again he stopped before we cross the intersection in Wireless and decided again to turn right in the Hernan Cortes St. But when we were in Panagdait as he said, he stopped and said that he will not drop me on my destination. I was pissed off because all of the patience I've been through, he will just drop me off to the place that I'm not familiar with. And when I asked him why he can't go to IT Park he just said "maguba akong taxi dai, parahan lang tikag taxi lain". I then argued with him since the fare was 138.50 and he wanted me to pay the fare and I said "No! ak nang bayran tanan kuya?" And then he said "kuhaan lang nato sa flag down dai na 40". And when I checked my watch its already 5:00 am. Instead I will arrived early that's why I took taxi, I am late with my work. So instead of arguing with him I just decided to pay 100 pesos and he gave me change; he said "10 pesos" but I didn't double check it and get out of the cab, get his plate number and took another taxi for me not to be too late in my work. I was so devastated with that driver. He kept on stopping with no reason and kept on murmuring and not even dropped me to my exact location instead dropped me to a place which is not familiar with me.

Note: I have an exact name street because I checked it on Google.

```Rude behavior, No taxi details inside```
