---
layout: post
title: UVL-813 - From Robinsons Ortigas
---

### Name of taxi: Harurot

From Robinsons Galleria, my son and I got a taxi in the taxi lane in front of mini stop. I instructed the driver where to. He seems off. But I ignored it because I'm too exhausted and it's friday. Traffic is at its worst. When we're in Tiendesitas area already, he started saying that he shouldn't have let us ride because he wants a passenger going to Q.C. I told him that you should've told me earlier. Then he said, "malapit lang ba 'yon? 'Di na lalagpas ng tulay dun?" I didn't get what bridge he's talking about and he's becoming more annoying and off. Then he started whispering something I don't quite hear clearly. Then he's bugging me about the distance. As in reklamo siya ng reklamo. Ang init talaga ng ulo niya dahil gagarahe na daw dapat siya sa fairview. We're supposed to be dropped off at Soldier's Village exactly outside our house because that's the reason why we took a cab instead of UV Express. But since he's being annoying, I told him to just drop us off to Bliss Subdivision on the stairs going up to Soldier's. Ininstructed him to turn right and stop in front of the stairs. He did turn right but pull off immediately and said, "Dito nalang. Baka masikip dun." Wow! Just wow! Hindi masikip dun at mas lalong wag siyang mas marunong sa pasahero. I have a child with me and three huge bags pero nag-adjust ako. Tapos ganun pa gagawin niya? How dare you, kuya! Ni hindi pa matino suot mo. Nakakatakot itsura. Off na off talaga. Rude!!!

```No receipt, Reckless driving```
