---
layout: post
title: ADE4245
---

### Name of taxi: Hilario Oroceo Launio

  I book this grab taxi from  somerset  alabang to drop location is San andres  and then. After I book it showed 4mins to arrive to pick me up in my area and when I get in the taxi  7:03pm he's meter it's already 54 pesos he was around in my area where he pick me up you know and then ESTIMATED:P 234-317 pesos I have to pay,then  I told him if Pwde  kami mag service road  sabi niya wala na daw ibang way kundi we have to take express way so I told him bakit ung sinakyan ko before. Nag grab din ako  papuntang alabang my  way xa na dinaanan para di kmi ma stock sa traffic  sabi nya wala na daw ibang Daan kundi  mag express way,  at mabilis din daw .at pabalabag pa ung sagot nya,so sabi ko ok. So we take express way  and he ask me to pay the tall gate P118 pesos  Then After tall gate the traffic start, from pasay road   It takes  40mins  and   We reach the drop off  area 9:30pm my  meter amount is 407 peso but I give him only 317 which is thats the price from my booking  but I till give that amount he asking me from the meter and he ask me more for  booking , fees  I urged with him sabi  ko Hindi ako bago  dito sa grab matagal nku sumasakay this is  the first time it happened to me from you? ang sagot nya next time wag kna mag grab, diba? traffic  Pa Bwesit pa ung driver, wag nila isisi samin ung traffic dahil hindi pasahero ang gumagawa  nyan alam nila ang mga short cut way pero sa traffic talaga din gusto para it cost more money,he's  really stupid guy That's why I book grab taxi or grab car because it's ok for me to pay that much amount  from booking but when you stock the traffic will ask you more money ?its not reasonable  I pay the tall gate not him. So it's cost me  more  Money , there's something wrong with him you know? If I know that I have to pay that much money I will never book grab  I will take bus from star mall to San andres only 50pesos or 70,

 Kasi papuntang alabang ako before same place where he pick me up today My booking estimated bill is 317 also  and before ako bumama nang taxi I ask first the driver how  much I have to pay and  he told me the price from my estimated booking that 317 exact amount , because I saw from he's meter is more thats way I ask him.  And He give me the right price. So big difference right? That's why I report   This guy  Hilario Oroceo Launio  kasi Hindi lang isang Tao  pwde nya ganyanin sana gawan nyo naman nang action ung mga drivers na  Abusing there passengers, it's really crazy from   From somerset to San andres it's cost 500 plus include tall gate   ? It's ok kung sila mag bayad nang tall gate,  he's not nice driver really!!!!!! 

```Over charging```
