---
layout: post
title: TXY788 - Bay View Park Hotel, Manila going to SM Fairview
---

### Name of taxi: King Arnold Trans

This incident happened last night around 6-7 pm, we rode the taxi at Bay View Park Hotel at Manila. We informed him that our destination was SM Fairview, and he insisted that we needed to give additional 100 pesos on top of the metered fare. Before heading, we informed him that we needed to drop- by my companion to her house which was located at North Susana subdivision along Commonwealth. He kept on murmuring and complaining that he wanted us to add additional 100 since we will be experiencing heavy traffic but we did not mind what he was saying.

He did not stop on complaining so my companion told him that we can just leave the taxi and just take another taxi. but he said that it was okay to take us to our destination. He was showing us actions that he was too irritated on taking us.

When we reached North Susana Subdivision, he said that "sa loob ko pa pala ibaba, akala ko dyan lang". His driving was a little bit reckless since he did not step on the break whenever there was humps. He asked us, "may daanan ba dito diretso sa SM Fairview?", my companion answered "Kuya, alam mo ba yung daan sa yung lusot sa FEU?"but he answered that he was not that familiar with the direction.

When my companion left the taxi, he received phone call and he even complained to the caller. he said, "Pa-Sm Fairview ako, nagdalawang baba ako. tapos nakametro lang kami" then the caller answered "Lugi ka nga nyan, pababain mo na lang yan tapos sabihan mo magkalakad na lang siya".

Before leaving the subdivision (we were just on the gate of the subdivision, enough to see the highway) and we saw the traffic, he stated "nakikita mo ba yang traffic? Sigurado ka bang sa SM Fairview ka pa bababa?" Then I answered, "Oo kuya, di ba dun naman ang sinabi namin na pupuntahan namin" . He then asked, "Lagi ka bang nagtataxi" then I answered "Oo Kuya". He kept on complaining while I am on the ride, so I asked him if he could just drop me at Fairview Center Mall bu he refused and said "Matraffic din naman dun". So I stated, "Kuya, diyan mo na lang ako sa kanto ibaba" then he answered arrogantly, "mabuti pa nga"

LTFRB, please do something about this driver! If all taxi drivers were like him, passengers will have no choice but to support UBER/Grab or even other means of transportation.

I know that it is really traffic in our place but my point is, if he doesn't want to take us, he can just refuse nicely. 

Please do something about this driver and I am hoping for your response.

Thank you!


```Rude behavior```
