---
layout: post
title: UHO533 - Robinson ermita pick place until tayuman
---

### Name of taxi: Unknown

Rode at the taxi bay of robinson ermita around 7:55 pm. The moment i entered i told him my dropped off place which is tayuman he told me that it is really traffic in there so i should just pay 200. I agreed bec i wanted to go home already. Going out to the front entrance of robinson i already noticed his bad behaviour he kept honking on the private car in front of us after passing that car he started to speed off and he almost hit a guy. The guy jump off and he continued speeding of and kept changing lanes abruptly. In the main road hebwas already over speeding and kept  over taking vehicles in ways that he could have hit them at the back i was being thrown on how fast he changed lanes. Even during a little traffic he gets angry and will look at the driver and still speed of and try to squeeze in so he could move forward. At that time i really wanted to go down. I already told him 'dahan dahan naman po' but he just ignored me. I was observing when i could say just to drop me here but i couldnt get the chance nec he just recklessly drive around and wont stop. Finally around central almost at the bridge cars were stopping so he too has to stop at that time i just told him 'baba na po ako dito' i already prepared my payment to him before hand. He then answered back 'kala ko ba sa tayuman ka?'  I was already so scared at that time i told him ' dito na po bibigyan ko nalang po kayo ng 200' because he still continue to move forward. I think repeated that a couple of times until he finally agreed 'itatabi ko lang' he told me. The moment i stepped out the cars i was almost in tears and my knees were about to give in bec of that

```Over charging, No meter```
