---
layout: post
title: UWG-284 - EDSA Whiteplains
---

### Name of taxi: God's Wheel

Around 4am with God's Wheel Taxi UWG-284. I was with my son, mom and nephew.

I tried to book Grab, but nobody wants to accept my booking. And of course. Uber. :(
 
NAIA 3 to Maginhawa, QC

He stopped somewhere along an intersection, I think we were in Taguig area, to answer his phone, but he made it seem like he was just peeing. Took him around 3 to 5 mins to go back inside the taxi. 

I asked him what route we will take, he just nodded, and I made sure that we'll take EDSA. We got out of EDSA via Kalayaan from BGC area.

I felt like the driver's acting  pretty weird when he took Crossing Ibabaw and Ortigas Ilalim, where we could've take Crossing Ilalim and Ortigas Ibabaw. Despite the fact that I told him to go Ortigas Ibabaw, he just said, "Mam, may pila kasi." I immediately called my husband, tell him to wait for us to get home and don't put the phone down, gave him the platenumber. Then the driver said, "Mam, medyo nahihilo ako." I told him to stop the taxi and we'll transfer into another one, but instead of letting us out before Whiteplains where a lot of people can see us, he's still driving his taxi and insisting he'll just park it in a bit. I got scared because it's too dark in the area where he wanted to stop. So I insisted to get out of his taxi, shouted for help, and got off exactly at the People Power Monument, and transferred into another taxi. 

```Texting while driving, Out of line```
