---
layout: post
title: AIA7494 - SM City BF Parañaque taxi lane,  Dr Arcadio Santos Ave, Parañaque, Metro Manila
---

### Name of taxi: EAZY FIRST TRANSPORT INC.

It was raining on the night of August 21, 2017 around 9:15PM when I approached a lone taxi in the taxi lane of SM BF Parañaque. I said my destination was the Municipal Hall of Muntinlupa City which is around 10kms or 20 mins away. The driver replied by asking "Magkano binabayad nyo dun?" to which I answered "Kung magkano yung nasa metro po". It was clear that he refused to use the taxi meter and was contracting when he didn't let me in the cab and repeatedly asked how much I pay or would pay "Naku muntinlupa na yun, magkano binabayad nyo dun?" I tried to compromise by saying "Sige po, kahit dagdagan ko na lang yung sa metro". But the driver still refused to let me board and said "Malayo na kasi yung Muntinlupa atsaka wala akong pasahero pabalik. Magkano binabayad nyo dun?" After that, I decided already had enough so I said "Sige wag na lang po" and took a picture of the taxi with my phone. The driver then pulled down the window and shouted at me "Itigil mo yan! Bakit moko pinicturan?" To which I replied "Kasi ayaw mo gumamit ng metro, nangongontrata ka. Bawal yan." He then yelled expletives at me and made a scene such that 3 SM security guards took notice and approached us. The guards and nearby mallgoers urged me to take note of the taxi's plate number and details so I took a video as the taxi driver kept shouting as he drove away.

```Refused boarding, Over charging```
