---
layout: post
title: AAI4572 - Makati
---

### Name of taxi: Unknown

Nov. 25,2017 Saturday bakasyunita kami from Canada and we book our hotel sa Guijo Suites makati we decided to meet  my family to watch festival of light sa Ayala after that show we supposed to get grab or Uber and meet up my family sa hotel namin since may available na taxi sabi ko iyon na lng at malapit pang Naman. Spat kmi ng saka including my husband which is Canadian plus my parents. When we asked if he knows we’re we going he said he knows it so we count on him.My dad fell asleep partly and he woke up he said we are too far already we’re were going and 3 of us no clue we’re we are because we’re not familiar of the place he then asked for the address.he keeps driving like we were in a circle. I end up using my phone which is roaming just to get the maps but still he keep insisting in a different way and telling us he doesn’t know we’re his going. My sister and the rest of the family that we supposed to meet sa hotel namin they start getting worried why we are not there yet ka so nauna pa kmi umalis sa ka nila.Ang gusto pa ng driver ibaba kami sa shopwise kasi malapit na lng daw un di daw sya makapasok kasi one way daw, sabi ko Kay manning galling kami ng QC papuntang hotel nag grab kmi naihatid nya kami sa hotel nmin so we insisted na u pick us up and told us you know the place kailangan ihatid nyo kmi sa destination nmin. anyway after all he got us to the hotel and the bill was 136 pesos and my mom gave him 200 pesos and told my mom he does not have change. Because of all the stress and inconvenience and the kiosk my mom did not bother getting the change.

```Over charging, Not giving exact change```
