---
layout: post
title: TYX727 - Knightsbridge residence to BGC venoce mall
---

### Name of taxi: Dollar taxi

I was going to Venice mall, but my sister was late for work at rcbc, so we took a taxi to rcbc before we went to Venice Mall. when we got on the bus, we told the driver that he wanted 250p. I said I'd go to rcbc. he said he wouldn't go because of the traffic jam. My sister agreed to 250p because she was going to be late for work soon. He asked me where to go after I delivered it to my sister rcbc, I said Venice all, he said I was far away, I said I got in the car and told you, he said my pronunciation was different from his, he didn't understand. Because of the traffic jam, he kept saying that I was going farther than bgc, and that there were so many fucks.But he didn't ask me to pay more money. When I got to the place I got out of the car in advance and wanted to go shopping because I gave him 300 yuan without change. He said thank you directly. I said give me the money, and then he said he had no money, so he opened the window and told the people outside that I lied to him, I said to go to bgc. I said that my money is also very hard, why don't you play watch. He was angry and silent. And then he told the people out there that I was scolding me. Found me 50p and then scolded me again. I said you wouldn't be mad if the car wasn't jammed. You just wanted more money from me. He scolded me again and drove off. I'm angry now. I think I can give him more money if he plays a watch, but at the beginning he just wanted to collect more money, because he turned back because of the traffic jams. If he didn't jam, would he be very happy and would not scold me?!

```No meter```
