---
layout: post
title: UNKNOWN - Manila, from the airport to GoHotel in Pioneer, Mandaluyong
---

### Name of taxi: White metered taxi at airport

We went to the counter at the airport and they took us to a taxi saying the meter starts at 70. We asked if there was an estimate of total cost for Mandaluyong but he wouldn't say and just said we would follow the meter and all would be okay. It turns out our driver kept making huge circles around the city, everytime saying that the hotel was on the other side and one way streets meant he had to go around. It would have been fine if he made a mistake once, but he kept doing this for 5 or 6 times. We were meeting someone at the hotel and ended up wasting an extra half an hour circling around, running the meter from around 400 when we reached the Pioneer area to just under 700 after he finished circling. He kept telling us to wait. When he finally stopped, we weren't even at the hotel and had to walk. Finally, he only gave is 140 in change from 1000 and claimed that he would give us the rest in coins. He took his time counting coins and ran the meter up some more, then he said the coins added up to the remaining change from 710. Turns out the coins were only about worth about 30 so we paid 830 (1000-140-30) in the end. He completely lied by saying he knew where he was going, because he was texting people the whole time and stopped to ask people on the street for directions 3 or 4 times, and circled around the city over and over again (we know because we kept seeing the same restaurant on a two-way street) while claiming it was because of one-way street issues (but most of the streets we were on were two-way). Despite running the meter up this way so that we were already paying extra, he refused to get us more change beyond the coins he threw at us and ended up charging another 130 while we were waiting for him to count coins and given us too little change while promising it was the remaining amount after the meter. He made us late to the hotel reservation by circling for half an hour and overcharged us by more than double, as the meter read 400 when we first got to the right area but we paid 830 total (and 30 of our change is all in 1 peso coins so it is much harder for us to use - we feel like we paid 860 for a ride that should have cost around 400 according to his own meter when we reached the right area the first time). In the end, he never even dropped us at the hotel and made us walk with our baggage and his 30 coins in change. He said if we had a problem, his manager is named Mambani at 09425603097 and then quickly left.

```Over charging, No receipt```
