---
layout: post
title: AYR994 - BAGUIO
---

### Name of taxi: DONTOGAN

We rode the taxi we hailed at Teacher's Camp, Baguio City. We dropped off some of our friends along Bonifacio-General Luna Road. Our destination was at Happy Homes, Magsaysay. On our way to Happy Homes, the taxi driver started a conversation asking how was the bar we went (where he picked us up) i answered in a courteous way saying it was fine and accommodating. I then said that i was a bit alarmed at the bar because the youngest person you might see at the bar was a minor which maybe was around 14 years old. he then started to say (non verbatim in Ilocano) "that's the good thing about them, it's when they are most vulnerable and "itchy"" I then answered (non verbatim in Ilocano) "Manong, those kind of girls are almost like your daughter" he brushed off my comment and said (non verbatim in Ilocano) "No, i'm still young, i'm about 32 years old." i started to confront him and say (non verbatim in Ilocano) "No, those are young girls who are vulnerable." He just laughed and started to tell a story about a 14 year old girl who was his passenger and when he asked her where to go the young girl just answered "kahit saan po kuya ikaw bahala" and that he claimed he brought the girl to his own home which i believe is just a story of his that he made up. So I tried to calm down since me and my boardmate were near our destination. So when we arrived, i paid the cab fair and went down to help my friend then he started to talk again and said (non verbatim in Ilocano) "Aren't you going to leave your friend?" That's when i had enough and fought back. i said to him (non verbatim in Ilocano) "What did you just say?" he replied (non verbatim in Ilocano) "no i was just joking around you know" then i asked him to give back the fair and he started to light a cigarette and laughed and i even asked him to go to the police station with us since we were living near a police station. i asked for my boardmate's phone to try and take a picture of the taxi and the driver but then he drove off with the passenger door still open trying to get away but luckily the security guard who was there the whole time got the plate number and the name of the taxi.

```Verbal harassment, Malicious mischief```
