---
layout: post
title: WIZ971 - Naia terminal 3 to terminal 2
---

### Name of taxi: SEBASTIAN MALOU

We rode two taxis that were waiting in line for passengers at NAIA Terminal 3. We simply needed to transfer from Terminal 3 to Terminal 2. It was around 4 am, there was no traffic at all. On the way to Terminal 2, the taxi driver answered a phone call. It seemed to be a phone call from the other taxi driver who was driving the rest of my colleagues to Terminal 2. I did not hear what the other person said on the other side of the line but I heard our taxi driver reply "Kung magkano ang presyo mo". About a minute after that, my colleague from the other taxi texted me to ask how much our driver is charging us for. I said "I don't know because he is not using the meter, but I did hear him talk to someone on the phone and say 'Kung magkano ang presyo mo'". My colleague replied to me and said, "They are charging us 900 pesos!" I replied and asked "900 pesos for both taxis?". He replied, "No, 900 pesos each!". After finding out, I took photos of the driver and the plate number on the windows of the cab. I waited for us to reach Terminal 2 before I spoke with our driver to ask how much the fare is. He answered and told me "900 pesos po ma'am". I told him I need a receipt because every expense of our trip will be reimbursed by our company. He then handed over to me two very old receipts both at the price of 450 pesos. I started to complain and informed him that he beat our bus fare all the way from Baguio which is only 600 pesos and took 4 to 5 hours of travel; while we only sat in his taxi for less then 10 minutes yet he is charging us 900 pesos. I started to take more photos of the driver's taxi while I was ranting and then told him he can't do that and I will pay him 200 pesos for both taxis. (Had they used the meters, our fare would not even reach 100 pesos per taxi at all). He then said I should give him 500 pesos for both taxis. He knew I was taking photos and yet he still insisted to charge me a huge amount. I gave in and gave him 500 pesos but I definitely am utterly disgraced by this incident. These kinds of drivers should not be roaming around Manila and do not deserve this kind of job at all.

```Over charging, No meter```
